README.md, before:

# Trackgenix SA
## Introduction
Trackgenix SA brings services of software develoment to other companies.
This project with name "Trackgenix", will facilitate the records of worked hours of every employee on a team and project.

## Screenflow
1. Using FIGMA, the team created all the screenflow for the app.
2. We done a prototype of the application, with the correct desing and styles.
3. The simulation has been completed satisfatory.
4. On backlog create the screenflow for the Profile PM, loads hours.
```
Week 1: Progress 90%
```
## HTML Structure
1. Utilizing Visual Studio Code, we wrote the codes for the structure of the landing page of "Trackgenix".
2. We create a remote repository using GIT and GIThub.
3. We did several checkpoints on GIThub using GIT with our progress.
4. All changes proporse after the correction has been done.
```
Week 2: Progress 100%
```
## CSS Styles
1. Utilizing Visual Studio Code, we wrote the codes for the styles of the HTML of the landing page of "Trackgenix", 
with the objetive to get the screen of the landing page created with FIGMA.
2. We did several checkpoints on GIThub using GIT with our progress.
``` 
Week 3: Progress 100%
```
## CSS Resposive Desing.
1. We starting with the desing resposive, considering the mobile desing as start point.
2. We create a resposive desing for the three dispositives (mobile, tablet and desktop).
3. The main tool of css used was "Flex Box", we study the concepts and applied to the web.
4. We configure github pages to have the prototype of the web public, and linked to the repository.

``` 
Week 4:Progress 100%
```
## Javascrip

For week 5, we are goint to learn Javascript.
1. Create a folder for Week 5, and inside it we will have an index.html file linked to js files, one js file per excercise.
2. Make commits once a excercise is resolved to have the repository updated.
3. Make the corrections to the css file of the last week.
4. MaKe corrections to the FIGMA file of week 1.

Github pages: https://agustinpicotto.github.io/BaSP-M2022-Etapa-1/Semana-05/index.html

``` 
Week 5:Waiting Corrections
```
## Contact
Please be free to send any coment or question at agustin.picotto@gmail.com - BaSP-Paloma 01 Team!

Commit message:

BaSP-2022:First Checkpoint, html and css file for login, and README update

README.md, after:

# Trackgenix SA
## Introduction
Trackgenix SA brings services of software develoment to other companies.
This project with name "Trackgenix", will facilitate the records of worked hours of every employee on a team and project.

## Screenflow
1. Using FIGMA, the team created all the screenflow for the app.
2. We done a prototype of the application, with the correct desing and styles.
3. The simulation has been completed satisfatory.
4. On backlog create the screenflow for the Profile PM, loads hours.
```
Week 1: Progress 90%
```
## HTML Structure
1. Utilizing Visual Studio Code, we wrote the codes for the structure of the landing page of "Trackgenix".
2. We create a remote repository using GIT and GIThub.
3. We did several checkpoints on GIThub using GIT with our progress.
4. All changes proporse after the correction has been done.
```
Week 2: Progress 100%
```
## CSS Styles
1. Utilizing Visual Studio Code, we wrote the codes for the styles of the HTML of the landing page of "Trackgenix", 
with the objetive to get the screen of the landing page created with FIGMA.
2. We did several checkpoints on GIThub using GIT with our progress.
``` 
Week 3: Progress 100%
```
## CSS Resposive Desing.
1. We starting with the desing resposive, considering the mobile desing as start point.
2. We create a resposive desing for the three dispositives (mobile, tablet and desktop).
3. The main tool of css used was "Flex Box", we study the concepts and applied to the web.
4. We configure github pages to have the prototype of the web public, and linked to the repository.

``` 
Week 4: Progress 100%
```
## Javascrip

For week 5, we are goint to learn Javascript.
1. Create a folder for Week 5, and inside it we will have an index.html file linked to js files, one js file per excercise.
2. Make commits once a excercise is resolved to have the repository updated.
3. Make the corrections to the css file of the last week.
4. MaKe corrections to the FIGMA file of week 1.

Github pages: https://agustinpicotto.github.io/BaSP-M2022-Etapa-1/Semana-05/index.html

``` 
Week 5: Waiting Corrections
```

## Javascrip DOM management
For week 6, we are going to create two screenflows: logins-> login.html and employee sign up ->employee-singup.html. Both of them will have the css and js files.
for login.html we will create login.css and login.js, and for employee-singup.html
we will have singup.css and singup.js.
1. Set up the folders for W6.
2. Creation of html and css for login.
3. Creation of html and css for employee sing up.
4. Make the validations with javascript for both files.
5. Make the commits and share the updates thought all the steps above.
6. Share the links of github pages.

``` 
Week 6: On going
```
## Contact
Please be free to send any coment or question at agustin.picotto@gmail.com - BaSP-Paloma 01 Team!
